Make local file a valid source for all platforms (#1903)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: variants/README.md

The documentation for [packages](../packages/) covers how to create a package.
Information about API settings for variants can be found in the [models](../sources/models/) documentation.

### User data

> Bottlerocket variants ingest TOML-formatted [user data](../README.md#using-user-data) from various sources.
> User data is read from sources in order; the most recently read user data source overrides previously read sources.
> All variants first attempt to read user data from `/var/lib/bottlerocket/user-data.toml`.
> AWS variants then retrieve user data from IMDS.
> VMware variants will attempt to read user data from a mounted CD-ROM (from a file named "user-data" or from an OVF file), and then from VMware's guestinfo interface.
> 
> For example, in a VMware variant, settings read from the guestinfo interface override settings from CD-ROM, and settings from CD-ROM override settings from file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bottlerocket variants ingest TOML-formatted [user data](../README.md#using-user-data) from various sources in a predefined order.
All variants first attempt to read user data from `/var/lib/bottlerocket/user-data.toml`.
AWS variants then retrieve user data from IMDS.
VMware variants will attempt to read user data from a mounted CD-ROM (from a file named "user-data" or from an OVF file), and then from VMware's guestinfo interface.

If a setting is defined in more than one source, the value in later sources will override earlier values.
For example, in a VMware variant, settings read from the guestinfo interface will override settings from CD-ROM, and settings from CD-ROM will override settings from the file.
```
